Changes related to the new overview page (#956)
kiali/kiali.io: content/en/docs/Features/topology.md

## Overview

> Kiali's default page is the topology _Overview_.  It presents a high-level view of the namespaces accessible to Kiali, for this user.  It combines service and application information, along with telemetry, validations and health, to provide a holistic summary of system behavior, focused on highlighting any potential issues from the applications and services in the mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kiali's default landing page is the mesh _Overview_.  It presents a high-level view of the mesh clusters, control planes, data planes, and configuration, for the user.  It combines service and application information, along with telemetry, validations and health, to provide a holistic summary of the system behavior. It highlights potential issues that the user may need to investigate.
```
